Gareth's suggestions regarding language/formatting (#89)
AMWA-TV/nmos-sink-metadata-processing: docs/Behaviour - Server Side.md

## State of Sender

A Sender managed with IS-11 has the following states:
- `unconstrained` when Active Constraints of this Sender is an empty `constraint_sets` array.
- `constrained` when the Active Constraints are satisfied.
- `active_constraints_violation` when Active Constraints are violated.
- `no_signal` when there is no signal from Inputs associated with this Sender.
- `awaiting_signal` when the signal from Inputs associated to this Sender is transitioning and the signal is not stable yet. This is a transitional state until one of the previous ones can be established. It is RECOMMENDED to not update resources such as Flow and Source associated with a Sender while in this state.

## State of Receiver

A Receiver managed with IS-11 has the following states:
- `unknown` when this Receiver is inactive or it is active and it is impossible to say whether the Flow is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. it is activated without a `transport_file`).
- `compliant_flow` when this Receiver is active and the Flow is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` and it does not violate the Receiver Capabilities).

> - `non_compliant_flow` when this Receiver is active and the Flow is non compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` which violates the Receiver Capabilities).

Author: ```suggestion
- `non_compliant_flow` when this Receiver is active and the Flow is non compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` which violates the Receiver Capabilities). This state preserves until a state change even if the Receiver becomes inactive.
```

Reviewer: I would only state "If the Receiver becomes inactive this state is preserved until the next activation.". And to allow it the unknown state should indicate "`unknown` when this Receiver is inactive or active and it is impossible to say whether the Flow is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. it is activated without a `transport_file`)." The previous sentence implied that an inactive Receiver shall be at the unknown state.

> - `unknown` when this Receiver is inactive or it is active and it is impossible to say whether the Flow is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. it is activated without a `transport_file`).
> - `compliant_flow` when this Receiver is active and the Flow is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` and it does not violate the Receiver Capabilities).
> - `non_compliant_flow` when this Receiver is active and the Flow is non compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` which violates the Receiver Capabilities).

Author: ```suggestion
- `unknown` when this Receiver is inactive or active and it is impossible to say whether the Flow is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. it is activated without a `transport_file`).
- `compliant_flow` when this Receiver is active and the Flow is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` and it does not violate the Receiver Capabilities).
- `non_compliant_flow` when this Receiver is active and the Flow is non compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` which violates the Receiver Capabilities). If the Receiver becomes inactive this state is preserved until the next activation.
```

## Preventing restrictions violation

At any time if State of an active Sender becomes `active_constraints_violation`, the Sender MUST become inactive. An inactive Sender in this state MUST NOT allow activations.

> At any time if State of an active Receiver becomes `receiver_capabilities_violation`, the Receiver SHOULD become inactive. An inactive Receiver in this state SHOULD NOT allow activations.

Author: ```suggestion
At any time if State of an active Receiver becomes `non_compliant_flow`, the Receiver SHOULD become inactive. An inactive Receiver in this state SHOULD NOT allow activations.
```

## State of Sender

A Sender managed with IS-11 has the following states:
- `unconstrained` when Active Constraints of this Sender is an empty `constraint_sets` array.
- `constrained` when this Sender, the Flow and the `/transportfile` (if used) associated with this Sender and the Source associated with this Flow satisfy the Active Constraints.
- `active_constraints_violation` when this Sender, the Flow or the `/transportfile` (if used) associated with this Sender or the Source associated with this Flow does not satisfy the Active Constraints. When an inactive Sender is in this state, it MUST NOT allow [IS-05][IS-05] activations.
- `no_signal` when there is no signal from Inputs associated with this Sender.
- `awaiting_signal` when Active Constraints was just PUT and the signal from Inputs associated with this Sender is not stable yet. This is a transitional state until one of the previous ones can be established.

## State of Receiver

A Receiver managed with IS-11 has the following states:

> - `no_transport_file` when there's no active `transport_file`.
> - `ok` when this Receiver's active `transport_file` does not violate Receiver Capabilities.
> - `receiver_capabilities_violation` when this Receiver's active `transport_file` violates Receiver Capabilities.

Author: ```suggestion
- `unknown` when this Receiver is inactive or it's active and it's impossible to say whether the Flow is compliant with this Receiver (e.g. it's activated without a `transport_file`).
- `compliant_flow` when this Receiver is active and the Flow is compliant with this Receiver (e.g. there's an active `transport_file` and it does not violate Receiver Capabilities).
- `non_compliant_flow` when this Receiver is active and the Flow is non compliant with this Receiver (e.g. there's an active `transport_file` which violates Receiver Capabilities).
```

Reviewer: I would add "Capabilities" to all 3 cases "compliant with this Receiver Capabilities"

Author: ```suggestion
- `unknown` when this Receiver is inactive or it is active and it is impossible to say whether the Flow is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. it is activated without a `transport_file`).
- `compliant_flow` when this Receiver is active and the Flow is compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` and it does not violate the Receiver Capabilities).
- `non_compliant_flow` when this Receiver is active and the Flow is non compliant with Receiver Capabilities of this Receiver (e.g. there is an active `transport_file` which violates the Receiver Capabilities).
```

Reviewer: There is a pending issue about the name "flow" versus "stream" ... If we go with "stream" we'll have to do a global replacement of "flow" for "stream" ...

## Preventing restrictions violation

At any time if State of an active Sender becomes `active_constraints_violation`, the Sender MUST NOT transmit the Flow over the network. The Sender is REQUIRED to take the following actions:
- MUST set the [IS-05][IS-05] `/active`'s `master_enable` property to `false`.
- MUST update the [IS-04][IS-04] `subscription`'s `active` property to `false` (regardless of unicast or multicast).

> At any time if State of an active Receiver becomes `receiver_capabilities_violation`, the Receiver MUST stop receiving the Flow by taking the following actions:

Author: ```suggestion
At any time if State of an active Receiver becomes `non_compliant_flow`, the Receiver MUST stop receiving the Flow by taking the following actions:
```
